Welcome back.
I wanted to add a quick note about code splitting when it comes to code splitting.
There's a couple of options.
There's something called rote based Chungking or splitting up the javascript files based on the routes.
Kind of like we did and the example and this is a really really good way to go about it.
Most of the time this is why you want to do.
But there's also a thing called component based Chongqing where you're able to code split not just at
the road level but on a component level.
Now when would you want to do that.
For example if your home page gets really really really really big maybe you don't necessarily want
to load up all the javascript.
Maybe you have a little sidebar here where you click and a menu bar appears.
Maybe we don't want that loaded.
In that case you can have component level code splitting where you remove the javascript for this side
menu bar and only activate it when a user clicks on the button and because the javascript for that should
be small it should load fairly fast so as your apps get bigger and bigger you want to think about Rob
base code splitting and also component based code splitting whatever fits your need.
Every project is different by you want to think about that.
Finally re-act has a really good documentation on code splitting and how to do it.
And they even show you a great way to do code splitting with re-act router which again you can use for
code splitting and something called re-act loadable which is a great library for you to do.
Code splitting.
I like their tag line over here but Riak loadable makes it really really easy to do code splitting so
that you don't even have to implement that async component like we did.
I highly recommend you check out them as well as re-act router and the documentation on the re-act Web
site.
There are many ways to do it.
In the end the idea is the same how can we ship the least amount of javascript to the user.
All right if you want to go ahead definitely check this out.
Otherwise it's off to the next video Alcyone that one by.